README.md, before:

![BDR header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/132558872-9fb63b1d-5c15-470a-8a84-23464519ff15.jpg)
# Blockchain Development Resources

The contents of this repository will help you launch a career in Blockchain development. It contains useful website, courses, tutorials, articles  and books for blockchain enthusiasts, enginners, crypto traders, developers, designers and stakeholders in the Crypto space.

Learning resources on learn how to deploy smart contracts on Ethereum, build DApps, DeFi, DEX, DAO, NFTs and Token protocol.
It also comprises of How-to-use tutorials on Blockchain engineering tools & Technologies - **Solidity, Hardhat, Web3js, Ganache, RemixIDE, Metamask, Ethersjs, Truffle, OpenZeppelin, Infura, Reactjs etc**

#### Please carefully read [`Contributing guidelines`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a pull request or issue.

_If you appreciate these contents, don't forget to give this repository a Star⭐_

---

## Table of Contents

- [Websites](#websites)
- [Gamified Tutorials](#gamified-tutorials)
- [Youtube channels](#youtube-channels)
- [Free Online Courses](#free-online-courses)
- [Github Repositories](#github-repositories)
- [Articles & Blog posts](#articles-&-blog-posts)
- [Documentations](#documentations)
- [Recommendated Books](#recommendated-books)

---

## Websites

|                                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Consensys Academy](https://consensys.net/academy/)        |
| [The Blockchain school](Theblockchainschool.io)            |
| [Blockchain Berkeley](https://blockchain.berkeley.edu/courses)            |
| [Blockchain dev1000](https://blockchaindev1000.com/)    |
| [Web3devs](https://web3devs.com)                       |
| [DApp University](https://www.dappuniversity.com/)         |
| [Eat the blocks](https://eattheblocks.com)               |
| [Blockchain Hub](https://blockchainhub.net)             |
| [Kerala Blockchain Academy](https://kba.ai)                |
| [We teach Blockchain](https://weteachblockchain.org)       |
| [Encode.club](https://encode.club)                         |
| [Bloxroute](https://bloxroute.com/)                        |
| [Ethtx](https://ethtx.info)                                |
| [Chainshot](https://www.chainshot.com/)                |
| [Tenderly](https://dashboard.tenderly.co)                  |
| [Money legos](https://money-legos.studydefi.com/)          |
| [Dune analytics](https://duneanalytics.com/)                |
| [Ethfiddle](https://ethfiddle.com/)                        |
| [UseWeb3](https://useweb3.xyz)                             |
| [NFTschool](https://nftschool.dev)                         |
| [101 Blockchains](https://101blockchains.com)               |
| [Blockgeeks](https://blockgeeks.com)                   |
| [Blockonomi](https://blockonomi.com)                   |
| [Buildspace](https://buildspace.so)                        |
| [EthereumDev](https://ethereumdev.io/)                     |
| [ProtoSchool](https://proto.school/tutorials)              |
| [Dacade](https://dacade.org)                               |
| [Figment](https://learn.figment.io)                        |
| [Finematics](https://finematics.com)                       |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Gamified Tutorials

|                                           |
| ----------------------------------------- |
| [Cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io) |
| [Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/) |
| [Damnvulnerable DeFi](https://www.damnvulnerabledefi.xyz/) |
| [vyper.fun](https://vyper.fun/lessons.html#)               |
| [Capture the ether](https://capturetheether.com/)        |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Youtube Channels

|                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [DApp University](https://www.youtube.com/c/DAppuniversity/videos)                       |
| [Eat the blocks](https://www.youtube.com/c/EatTheBlocks/videos)                          |
| [Ivan on Tech](https://www.youtube.com/c/IvanonTech/)                                    |
| [Nader Dabit](https://www.youtube.com/c/naderdabit/)                                     |
| [Samarth Developer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfBN8r71cRThmEptCGJaX7w/)           |
| [Austin Griffith](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_HI2i2peo1A-STdG22GFsA)              |
| [Merunas Grincalaitis](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJInIwgW1duAEnMHHxDK7XQ)         |
| [Will it Scale](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL16WqdAj66SCOdL6XIFbke-XQg2GW_Avg)    |
| [Design Course](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lNJEnwfVVMuX2Ds19Wj_7Mcze3FDJr3)    |
| [Smart Contract Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJWh7F3AFyQ_x01VKzr9eyA)         |
| [Alchemy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtvTdPZWUwW4whk9CLlCBug)    |
| [Hashlips NFT](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvfQp12V0hS0-3AjKWAve5QHy3W6lOfO8)    |
| [Patrick Collins](https://m.youtube.com/c/patrickcollins)    |
| [ETHGlobal](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfF9ZO8Ug4xk_AJd4aeT5HA)    |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Free Online Courses

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Complete DApp Solidity React Blockchain Development](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-dapp-solidity-react-blockchain-development/?ranMID=39197&ranEAID=*7W41uFlkSs&ranSiteID=.7W41uFlkSs-o.8BWADwBI0nLp5Es8wKeA&LSNPUBID=*7W41uFlkSs&utm_source=aff-campaign&utm_medium=udemyads&couponCode=08B60E5B24443063AF7B) |
| [Blockchain Theory 101](https://www.udemy.com/share/101yjc2@PUdKbFpaTVMPcUBCO0hOfg==/)|
| [Blockchain Technology](https://www.edx.org/course/blockchain-technology)
| [Smart Contracts](https://www.coursera.org/learn/smarter-contracts)
| [Blockchain and deep learning of AI](https://www.udemy.com/course/blockchain-and-deep-learning-future-of-ai/)
| [Understanding Blockchain Technology](https://www.udemy.com/course/understanding-blockchain-technology/)
| [Ethereum](https://www.ludu.co/course/ethereum)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Github Repositories

- https://github.com/jklepatch/eattheblocks
- https://github.com/benstew/blockchain-for-software-engineers
- https://github.com/benstew/blockchain-for-software-engineers/
- https://github.com/crytic/awesome-ethereum-security
- https://github.com/iearn-finance/yearn-starter-pack
- https://github.com/pbrudny/learning-solidity-2018
- https://github.com/OffcierCia/DeFi-Developer-Road-Map
- https://github.com/ConsenSys/ethereum-developer-tools-list
- https://github.com/yjjnls/awesome-blockchain
- https://github.com/protofire/blockchain-learning-path
- https://github.com/bkrem/awesome-solidity
- https://github.com/BlockchainBooks/blockchainbooks.github.io
- https://github.com/jpantunes/awesome-cryptoeconomics
- https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/awesome-openzeppelin
- https://github.com/coinpride/CryptoList
- https://github.com/BlockchainLabsNZ/awesome-solidity
- https://github.com/ErichDylus/Smart-Contract-Resources
- https://github.com/dapphub/dapptools#installation
- https://github.com/NoahZinsmeister/web3-react
- https://github.com/crytic/building-secure-contracts
- https://github.com/decentology/web2-to-web3-resources


<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>


## Articles & Blog Posts

- https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-web3/amp/#click=https://t.co/93kxqzr3I4
- https://freecodecamp.org/the-complete-guide-to-full-stack-ethereum-development/
- https://hackernoon.com/an-introduction-to-bitcoin-and-cryptocurrency-618c139d1d06
- https://dev.to/richardmelko/ethereum-dapp-crash-course-make-an-erc20-token-faucet-frontend-2m43
- https://kndrck.co/posts/building-on-ethereum-mainnet-an-opinionated-guide/
- https://blog.openzeppelin.com/ethereum-in-depth-part-1-968981e6f833/
- https://blog.chain.link/build-defi-yield-farming-application-with-chainlink/
- https://www.notonlyowner.com/learn/intro-security-hacking-smart-contracts-ethereum
- https://hackernoon.com/getting-started-as-an-ethereum-web-developer-9a2a4ab47baf
- https://blog.oliverjumpertz.dev
- https://investopedia.com/solidity
- https://hackmd.io/NS-XCiEbS2GUpI8Wu1Xdew
- https://michaelnielsen.org/ddi/how-the-bitcoin-protocol-actually-works/

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Documentations

| Website                                                                                                         | About                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Solidity Docs](https://docs.soliditylang.org)                                                                  | Solidity Tutorial Documentation                                       |
| [Questbook](https://www.questbook.app)                                                                          | Questbook is a Decentralized University where learning is always free |
| [Cryptodevhub](https://wiki.cryptodevhub.io/ethereum-evm/getting-started)                                       | Ethereum Virtual Machine - Getting Started                            |
| [Advanced Smart Contracts](https://georgebrowncollege-toronto.github.io/Advanced-Smart-Contracts/index.html)    | Advanced Smart Contracts                                              |
| [Solidity Tutorial - Learn x in y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/solidity)                          | Solidity Tutorial                                                     |
| [OpenZeppelin Docs](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/learn/)                                                       | OpenZeppelin Documentation                                            |
| [OpenZeppelin by Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)                                                | OpenZeppelin Tutorials by Ethernaut                                   |
| [Solidity Docs II](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.3/)                                                  | Solidity Tutorial Documentation                                       |
| [Ethereum](https://eth-brownie.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html)                                             | Ethereum Tutorial                                                     |
| [Remix IDE Docs](https://remix.ethereum.org)                                                                    | Remix Tutorial                                                        |
| [Ethereum Docs](https://studio.ethereum.org/)                                                                   | Ethereum Tutorial                                                     |
| [Vyer Docs](https://vyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/vyper-by-example.html)                                       | Vyper Tutorial                                                        |
| [Decentology Docs](https://docs.decentology.com/)                                                               | Decentology Documentation                                             |
| [Ethers Docs](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)                                                                       | Ethers Documentation                                                  |
| [Ethspring Docs](https://docs.decentology.com/)                                                                 | Ethspring Documentation                                               |
| [Hardhat Docs](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/)                                                            | Hardhat Documentation                                                 |
| [Hello World Smart Contracts by Alchemy](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/tutorials/hello-world-smart-contract) | Alchemy Documentation                                                 |
                              

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Recommendated Books

Mastering Ethereum: Building Smart Contracts and DApps - Andreas Antonopoulos & Dr. Gavin Wood

Mastering Ethereum: Implement Advanced Blockchain Applications - Merunas Grincalaitis

Mastering Bitcoin: Programming the Open Blockchain - Andreas M. Antonopoulos

The Infinite Machine: How an Army of Crypto-hackers Is Building the Next Internet with Ethereum - Camila Russo

Mastering Bitcoin: Unlocking Digital Cryptocurrencies - Andreas Antonopoulos

Programming Bitcoin: Learn How to Program Bitcoin from Scratch - Jimmy Song

Bank 4.0 - Brett King

Building Ethereum DApps: Decentralized Applications on the Ethereum Blockchain - Roberto Infante

Mastering the Lightning Network: A Second Layer Blockchain Protocol for Instant Bitcoin Payments - Andreas Antonopoulos, Olaoluwa Osuntokun & Rene Pickhardt

Seizing Opportunities in the Blockchain and Digital Currency Revolution: A Handbook for Enthusiasts - Chimezie Chuta

Ethereum Blockchain Developer Guide - Thomas Wiesner

Hands on Smart Contract Development with Solidity and Ethereum: From fundamentals to deployment - Randall Kanna & Dave Hoover

The Spatial Web: How Web 3.0 Will Connect Humans, Machines, and AI to Transform the World - Gabriel Rene

How to DeFi - Darren Lau et al

The Blockchain Developer:  A practical guide  - Elad Elrom

Token Economy : How the Web3 reinvents the internet - Hermin Voshmgir


<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

Commit message:

Added freecodecamp's tutorial
And one of my favorite NFT articles! I've got a whole bunch more if you'd like to add!

README.md, after:

![BDR header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/132558872-9fb63b1d-5c15-470a-8a84-23464519ff15.jpg)
# Blockchain Development Resources

The contents of this repository will help you launch a career in Blockchain development. It contains useful website, courses, tutorials, articles  and books for blockchain enthusiasts, enginners, crypto traders, developers, designers and stakeholders in the Crypto space.

Learning resources on learn how to deploy smart contracts on Ethereum, build DApps, DeFi, DEX, DAO, NFTs and Token protocol.
It also comprises of How-to-use tutorials on Blockchain engineering tools & Technologies - **Solidity, Hardhat, Web3js, Ganache, RemixIDE, Metamask, Ethersjs, Truffle, OpenZeppelin, Infura, Reactjs etc**

#### Please carefully read [`Contributing guidelines`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a pull request or issue.

_If you appreciate these contents, don't forget to give this repository a Star⭐_

---

## Table of Contents

- [Websites](#websites)
- [Gamified Tutorials](#gamified-tutorials)
- [Youtube channels](#youtube-channels)
- [Free Online Courses](#free-online-courses)
- [Github Repositories](#github-repositories)
- [Articles & Blog posts](#articles-&-blog-posts)
- [Documentations](#documentations)
- [Recommendated Books](#recommendated-books)

---

## Websites

|                                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Consensys Academy](https://consensys.net/academy/)        |
| [The Blockchain school](Theblockchainschool.io)            |
| [Blockchain Berkeley](https://blockchain.berkeley.edu/courses)            |
| [Blockchain dev1000](https://blockchaindev1000.com/)    |
| [Web3devs](https://web3devs.com)                       |
| [DApp University](https://www.dappuniversity.com/)         |
| [Eat the blocks](https://eattheblocks.com)               |
| [Blockchain Hub](https://blockchainhub.net)             |
| [Kerala Blockchain Academy](https://kba.ai)                |
| [We teach Blockchain](https://weteachblockchain.org)       |
| [Encode.club](https://encode.club)                         |
| [Bloxroute](https://bloxroute.com/)                        |
| [Ethtx](https://ethtx.info)                                |
| [Chainshot](https://www.chainshot.com/)                |
| [Tenderly](https://dashboard.tenderly.co)                  |
| [Money legos](https://money-legos.studydefi.com/)          |
| [Dune analytics](https://duneanalytics.com/)                |
| [Ethfiddle](https://ethfiddle.com/)                        |
| [UseWeb3](https://useweb3.xyz)                             |
| [NFTschool](https://nftschool.dev)                         |
| [101 Blockchains](https://101blockchains.com)               |
| [Blockgeeks](https://blockgeeks.com)                   |
| [Blockonomi](https://blockonomi.com)                   |
| [Buildspace](https://buildspace.so)                        |
| [EthereumDev](https://ethereumdev.io/)                     |
| [ProtoSchool](https://proto.school/tutorials)              |
| [Dacade](https://dacade.org)                               |
| [Figment](https://learn.figment.io)                        |
| [Finematics](https://finematics.com)                       |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Gamified Tutorials

|                                           |
| ----------------------------------------- |
| [Cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io) |
| [Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/) |
| [Damnvulnerable DeFi](https://www.damnvulnerabledefi.xyz/) |
| [vyper.fun](https://vyper.fun/lessons.html#)               |
| [Capture the ether](https://capturetheether.com/)        |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Youtube Channels

|                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [DApp University](https://www.youtube.com/c/DAppuniversity/videos)                       |
| [Eat the blocks](https://www.youtube.com/c/EatTheBlocks/videos)                          |
| [Ivan on Tech](https://www.youtube.com/c/IvanonTech/)                                    |
| [Nader Dabit](https://www.youtube.com/c/naderdabit/)                                     |
| [Samarth Developer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfBN8r71cRThmEptCGJaX7w/)           |
| [Austin Griffith](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_HI2i2peo1A-STdG22GFsA)              |
| [Merunas Grincalaitis](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJInIwgW1duAEnMHHxDK7XQ)         |
| [Will it Scale](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL16WqdAj66SCOdL6XIFbke-XQg2GW_Avg)    |
| [Design Course](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lNJEnwfVVMuX2Ds19Wj_7Mcze3FDJr3)    |
| [Smart Contract Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJWh7F3AFyQ_x01VKzr9eyA)         |
| [Alchemy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtvTdPZWUwW4whk9CLlCBug)    |
| [Hashlips NFT](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvfQp12V0hS0-3AjKWAve5QHy3W6lOfO8)    |
| [Patrick Collins](https://m.youtube.com/c/patrickcollins)    |
| [ETHGlobal](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfF9ZO8Ug4xk_AJd4aeT5HA)    |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Free Online Courses

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Solidity, Blockchain, and Smart Contract Course – Beginner to Expert Python Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M576WGiDBdQ) |
| [Complete DApp Solidity React Blockchain Development](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-dapp-solidity-react-blockchain-development/?ranMID=39197&ranEAID=*7W41uFlkSs&ranSiteID=.7W41uFlkSs-o.8BWADwBI0nLp5Es8wKeA&LSNPUBID=*7W41uFlkSs&utm_source=aff-campaign&utm_medium=udemyads&couponCode=08B60E5B24443063AF7B) |
| [Blockchain Theory 101](https://www.udemy.com/share/101yjc2@PUdKbFpaTVMPcUBCO0hOfg==/)|
| [Blockchain Technology](https://www.edx.org/course/blockchain-technology)
| [Smart Contracts](https://www.coursera.org/learn/smarter-contracts)
| [Blockchain and deep learning of AI](https://www.udemy.com/course/blockchain-and-deep-learning-future-of-ai/)
| [Understanding Blockchain Technology](https://www.udemy.com/course/understanding-blockchain-technology/)
| [Ethereum](https://www.ludu.co/course/ethereum)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Github Repositories

- https://github.com/smartcontractkit/full-blockchain-solidity-course-py
- https://github.com/jklepatch/eattheblocks
- https://github.com/benstew/blockchain-for-software-engineers
- https://github.com/benstew/blockchain-for-software-engineers/
- https://github.com/crytic/awesome-ethereum-security
- https://github.com/iearn-finance/yearn-starter-pack
- https://github.com/pbrudny/learning-solidity-2018
- https://github.com/OffcierCia/DeFi-Developer-Road-Map
- https://github.com/ConsenSys/ethereum-developer-tools-list
- https://github.com/yjjnls/awesome-blockchain
- https://github.com/protofire/blockchain-learning-path
- https://github.com/bkrem/awesome-solidity
- https://github.com/BlockchainBooks/blockchainbooks.github.io
- https://github.com/jpantunes/awesome-cryptoeconomics
- https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/awesome-openzeppelin
- https://github.com/coinpride/CryptoList
- https://github.com/BlockchainLabsNZ/awesome-solidity
- https://github.com/ErichDylus/Smart-Contract-Resources
- https://github.com/dapphub/dapptools#installation
- https://github.com/NoahZinsmeister/web3-react
- https://github.com/crytic/building-secure-contracts
- https://github.com/decentology/web2-to-web3-resources


<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>


## Articles & Blog Posts

- https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-web3/amp/#click=https://t.co/93kxqzr3I4
- https://freecodecamp.org/the-complete-guide-to-full-stack-ethereum-development/
- https://hackernoon.com/an-introduction-to-bitcoin-and-cryptocurrency-618c139d1d06
- https://dev.to/richardmelko/ethereum-dapp-crash-course-make-an-erc20-token-faucet-frontend-2m43
- https://kndrck.co/posts/building-on-ethereum-mainnet-an-opinionated-guide/
- https://blog.openzeppelin.com/ethereum-in-depth-part-1-968981e6f833/
- https://blog.chain.link/build-defi-yield-farming-application-with-chainlink/
- https://www.notonlyowner.com/learn/intro-security-hacking-smart-contracts-ethereum
- https://hackernoon.com/getting-started-as-an-ethereum-web-developer-9a2a4ab47baf
- https://blog.oliverjumpertz.dev
- https://investopedia.com/solidity
- https://hackmd.io/NS-XCiEbS2GUpI8Wu1Xdew
- https://michaelnielsen.org/ddi/how-the-bitcoin-protocol-actually-works/
- https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-make-an-nft-and-render-on-opensea-marketplace/

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Documentations

| Website                                                                                                         | About                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Solidity Docs](https://docs.soliditylang.org)                                                                  | Solidity Tutorial Documentation                                       |
| [Questbook](https://www.questbook.app)                                                                          | Questbook is a Decentralized University where learning is always free |
| [Cryptodevhub](https://wiki.cryptodevhub.io/ethereum-evm/getting-started)                                       | Ethereum Virtual Machine - Getting Started                            |
| [Advanced Smart Contracts](https://georgebrowncollege-toronto.github.io/Advanced-Smart-Contracts/index.html)    | Advanced Smart Contracts                                              |
| [Solidity Tutorial - Learn x in y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/solidity)                          | Solidity Tutorial                                                     |
| [OpenZeppelin Docs](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/learn/)                                                       | OpenZeppelin Documentation                                            |
| [OpenZeppelin by Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)                                                | OpenZeppelin Tutorials by Ethernaut                                   |
| [Solidity Docs II](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.3/)                                                  | Solidity Tutorial Documentation                                       |
| [Ethereum](https://eth-brownie.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html)                                             | Ethereum Tutorial                                                     |
| [Remix IDE Docs](https://remix.ethereum.org)                                                                    | Remix Tutorial                                                        |
| [Ethereum Docs](https://studio.ethereum.org/)                                                                   | Ethereum Tutorial                                                     |
| [Vyer Docs](https://vyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/vyper-by-example.html)                                       | Vyper Tutorial                                                        |
| [Decentology Docs](https://docs.decentology.com/)                                                               | Decentology Documentation                                             |
| [Ethers Docs](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)                                                                       | Ethers Documentation                                                  |
| [Ethspring Docs](https://docs.decentology.com/)                                                                 | Ethspring Documentation                                               |
| [Hardhat Docs](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/)                                                            | Hardhat Documentation                                                 |
| [Hello World Smart Contracts by Alchemy](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/tutorials/hello-world-smart-contract) | Alchemy Documentation                                                 |
                              

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>

## Recommendated Books

Mastering Ethereum: Building Smart Contracts and DApps - Andreas Antonopoulos & Dr. Gavin Wood

Mastering Ethereum: Implement Advanced Blockchain Applications - Merunas Grincalaitis

Mastering Bitcoin: Programming the Open Blockchain - Andreas M. Antonopoulos

The Infinite Machine: How an Army of Crypto-hackers Is Building the Next Internet with Ethereum - Camila Russo

Mastering Bitcoin: Unlocking Digital Cryptocurrencies - Andreas Antonopoulos

Programming Bitcoin: Learn How to Program Bitcoin from Scratch - Jimmy Song

Bank 4.0 - Brett King

Building Ethereum DApps: Decentralized Applications on the Ethereum Blockchain - Roberto Infante

Mastering the Lightning Network: A Second Layer Blockchain Protocol for Instant Bitcoin Payments - Andreas Antonopoulos, Olaoluwa Osuntokun & Rene Pickhardt

Seizing Opportunities in the Blockchain and Digital Currency Revolution: A Handbook for Enthusiasts - Chimezie Chuta

Ethereum Blockchain Developer Guide - Thomas Wiesner

Hands on Smart Contract Development with Solidity and Ethereum: From fundamentals to deployment - Randall Kanna & Dave Hoover

The Spatial Web: How Web 3.0 Will Connect Humans, Machines, and AI to Transform the World - Gabriel Rene

How to DeFi - Darren Lau et al

The Blockchain Developer:  A practical guide  - Elad Elrom

Token Economy : How the Web3 reinvents the internet - Hermin Voshmgir


<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">↥ Back To Top</a></b>
</div>
